By prayers by pledges mind control is attempted.

During the  20th  century
in     the  USA   dominion
from   each grade school student
about  a    1000  times 
a      pledge     recital    was DEMANDED!

To befuddle minds the pledge was designed.
By free     minds compulsion was rejected.

"I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America,
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."

For the first 3    words "I must obey" is tantamount.
For a   mere  idea by    "flag"        a  physical proxy is provided.

Bigoted  minds into   two   factions   separate.
A viable candidate    to    become     faction endorsement is required.
A two party system    while pretended
a one party system    an    oligarchy  exists.
Free  minds existence are   completely denied.  "Republic" is deceit.
Free  minds           are   not        and      can not    be represented.

The  code, statutes,  where  inflicted the   nation        is inflicted.
By   "one nation"     revolt or civil  war   circumvention is attempted.
By   "under God" as   being  endorsed, holy, chosen        is deceit!
By   "indivisible"    civil  war             aversion      is intended.
Law  and liberty since opposed    "with liberty"           is deceit.
As   enslaved    the   perception if occluded the revolt   is precluded.
When properly translated "an enslavement in defiance of God," becomes.

Control to inflict rebellion to quell justice is inflicted.
With ethnicity, gender, political power, wealth the received justice differs.
When properly translated, "with slavery and atrocity for all," becomes.

The  menticide if doubted
upon the North American continent indigenous persons
was  "justice" or "just us" inflicted?

For culturcide;
for genocide;
for chattel slavery;
aft Nippon  surrender
the city    Hiroshima
the city    Nagasaki
for nuking;
for the     Korean  Conflict;
for the     Vietnam Conflict;
for Desert  Storm   Conflict;
for the     Afghan  Conflict;
for many    more    unmentioned atrocities
by  the     United  States   of Atrocity
the true    intent  was         demonstrated.
